## C-Projects
I completed these projects in my high school.
Language : C++

Description of the projects : 

# Interstellar (Space Agency)

*Interstellar* , is a Space program used to explore around in the space, visits to various planets 
in our galaxy and also to gain the knowledge about the Universe we live in.
On entering you will come across a magnificent transition of stars made by the use of graphics and algorithms.
You first have to create a User id. which stores all your information in a binary file. 
After filling up the registration form, you can Login to get the full experience.


The space traveller is greeted with various options:-
### Light Speed  -
Destination and Landings from different planets including Mars, Earth, Proxima Centrury, Kepler, Jupiter and many more gives the opportunity to book your amazing journey. 
### Through the Worm Hole -
It makes you aware and test your incredible knowledge about the Space and our Earth, take this quiz and enjoy the ride !
### Notifications -
This software aims at providing the best possible experience, we deliver you specially crafted notifications every time you visit and login, moreover we Provide Free Space travel Coupons too !
### Escape the World - 
Ever feeling tired and want to return to your sweet Home ? We got your back. 
This feature let’s you quit with saving all your billing info anytime ! 
### Delete Account -
Swipe out your personal information from our databases.
 
 
 
 
 Files Generated

Program File :-
    Interstellar.cpp
Data File :-
       Details.dat 
Executable file :-
    Interstellar.exe



Header Files Used
1. FSTREAM.H – for file handling
2. PROCESS.H – for exit() function
3. CONIO.H – for clrscr() and getch() functions
4. STDIO.H – for standard I/O operations
5. STRING.H – for string handling
6. CTYPE.H – for character handling
7. DOS.H - using the function Delay()
8. GRAPHIC.H - for graphics
9. IOSTREAM.H - for input and outputs






# Mind Game 

It is an *quiz based game* where user can select specfic types of quizzez ranging from tech to the harry potter world! 
Surely it test your knowledge and skills in that particular field and tell you where you stand with your well formulated scores generated by the program itself, which is then displayed to the user.
